chore: refactor router to automatically create routes for tutorials and lessons (#349)
ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io: DEVELOPING_TUTORIALS.md

    - [Create a directory for your tutorial](#create-a-directory-for-your-tutorial)
    - [Build your lessons (repeat for each lesson in the tutorial)](#build-your-lessons-repeat-for-each-lesson-in-the-tutorial)
      - [Create lesson files](#create-lesson-files)
        - [Lesson text file (with optional images)](#lesson-text-file-with-optional-images)

>         - [Javascript file](#javascript-file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [JavaScript file](#javascript-file-skip-for-text-only-lessons)
```

    - [Manage your tutorial's metadata and routing](#manage-your-tutorials-metadata-and-routing)
      - [Add your tutorial to `static/tutorials.json`](#add-your-tutorial-to-statictutorialsjson)
      - [Add your tutorial to `static/courses.json`](#add-your-tutorial-to-staticcoursesjson)
    - [Submit a pull request](#submit-a-pull-request)
  - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
    - [Clearing cached data from localStorage](#clearing-cached-data-from-localstorage)
    - [Renaming a tutorial after it has been published](#renaming-a-tutorial-after-it-has-been-published)

>     - [My files (.md, -exercise.md) content are not showing up in the lesson page](#my-files-md--exercisemd-content-are-not-showing-up-in-the-lesson-page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [My files (.md, -exercise.md) content are not showing up in the lesson page](#my-files-md--exercisemd-content-are-not-showing-up-in-the-lesson-page)
```
```suggestion
    - [Text of lesson or exercise not displayed](#text-of-lesson-or-exercise-not-displayed)
```

### Create a directory for your tutorial

Each tutorial in ProtoSchool has a 4-digit ID and a corresponding directory. To determine the right ID for your new tutorial, first navigate to the `src/tutorials` directory and list its contents:

```sh
> cd src/tutorials
> ls
0001-data-structures
0002-basics
0003-blog
0004-mutable-file-system
boilerplates
```

> The number used as your tutorial's ID and directory name should be one higher than the last numbered directory you see listed. (In the example above, seeing that `0004-*` is the last numbered directory, you would create a new directory called `0005-tutorial-short-title` - where the text after the id will be the identifier on the tutorial url, more on this ahead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number used as your tutorial's ID and directory name should be one higher than the last numbered directory you see listed. (In the example above, seeing that `0004-*` is the last numbered directory, you would create a new directory called `0005-tutorial-short-title`, where the text after the id will be the identifier on the tutorial URL. More on this ahead!)
```

| File | Sample Filename | Standard Lesson with Coding Exercise | Lesson with Coding Exercise and File Upload | Multiple-Choice Lesson | Text-Only Lesson
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| A Javascript file that provides **required metadata** (e.g. code) for your lesson and, when relevant, the **default code and validation for a coding exercise** or **answer selections for multiple-choice quizzes** |`01.js`| Required | Required | Required | Not Used |
| A markdown file containing the **text of the lesson** (your educational content)|`01.md`| Required | Required | Required | Required |

> | A markdown file containing the **text of the assignment shown in the exercise box**|`01-exercise.md`| Required | Required | Not Used | Not Used |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A Markdown file containing the **text of the assignment shown in the exercise box**|`01-exercise.md`| Required | Required | Not Used | Not Used |
```

> | A markdown file containing the **text of the optional useful concepts box**|`01-concepts.md`| Optional | Optional | Optional | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A Markdown file containing the **text of the optional useful concepts box**|`01-concepts.md`| Optional | Optional | Optional | Optional |
```

In the example below, four files stored in the `tutorials/0005-tutorial-short-title` directory work together to create the second lesson in that tutorial.

![screenshot](public/lesson_sources.png)

> Not familiar with markdown? It's a fairly simple way to style text on the web. [Learn more about markdown formatting here.](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not familiar with Markdown? It's a fairly simple way to style text on the web. [Learn more about Markdown formatting here.](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
```

> You _might_ need to use some JavaScript, though, if you build your default code and validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not familiar with JavaScript? You won't need it to create text-only lessons, and you'll only need to do some simple text replacements to set up questions and answers for multiple-choice quizzes. However, if you want to create code challenges (with or without file upload), you _will_ need to use JavaScript extensively to set up your default and solution code and validation.
```

##### Lesson text file (with optional images)

> Create a `.md` file using the boilerplate and add the markdown-formatted text of the lesson itself (your educational content). The name of this file should be the 2-digit lesson number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `.md` file using the boilerplate and add the Markdown-formatted text of the lesson itself (your educational content). The name of this file should be the 2-digit lesson number.
```

For example (for Lesson 01 of Tutorial 0005):

```sh
> cp boilerplates/boilerplate.md 0005-tutorial-short-title/01.md
```

> If you want to add images to your markdown file, place them in the `public/tutorial-assets` directory, with the following naming convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add images to your Markdown file, place them in the `public/tutorial-assets` directory, with the following naming convention:
```

`T<4-digit-tutorial-id>L<2-digit-lesson-number>-<imageName>`, such as `T0001L05-diagram.svg`.

> Then in your lesson markdown file, you can either add it with regular markdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in your lesson Markdown file, you can either add it with regular Markdown:
```

```
![Description of the image](tutorial-assets/T0001L01-diagram.svg)
```

...or with regular HTML, if you need to set the image size:

```html
<img src="tutorial-assets/T0001L01-diagram.svg" width="300px" height="150px" />
```

> ##### Javascript file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### JavaScript file (skip for text-only lessons)
```

> Select the appropriate boilerplate Javascript file for your lesson from the `src/tutorials/boilerplates` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the appropriate boilerplate JavaScript file for your lesson from the `src/tutorials/boilerplates` directory:
```

> - `boilerplate-standard.js` for a lesson with a coding exercise which does not require a file upload

Reviewer: Do you think we should rename standard to code to match our new icons and lesson types?

Author: 👍

For example (for Lesson 01 of Tutorial 0005):

```
src/tutorials/0005-tutorial-short-title/01-concepts.md
```

> #### Create multiple-choice quizzes in your Javascript file (skip for coding exercises and text-only lessons)

Reviewer: Please run a find & replace for Javascript => JavaScript. :)

![screenshot](public/markdown_error.png)

> If this is the last lesson in your tutorial, please create a success message for your last lesson that notes that the user has completed the whole tutorial. For example, `Great job! You've completed this series of lessons!`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is the last lesson in your tutorial, please create a success message that notes that the user has completed the whole tutorial. For example, `Great job! You've completed this series of lessons!`)
```

###### Override external error messages (optional)

As you test your code, you may notice that you see error messages appear that are different from the ones you provided in your `validate` function. These might include syntax errors noted by our embedded code editor or errors returned by the IPFS API, both of which appear by default. Syntax errors can be very helpful for your user, and other errors might help you identify common errors you hadn't thought of.

If you'd like to replace a specific error message returned automatically with a more user-friendly message created by you, use the option

> `overrideErrors: true` in the options object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`overrideErrors: true` in the `options` object:
```

![screenshot](public/markdown_error_logdesc_log.png)

### Manage your tutorial's metadata

There are a few administrative steps you need to take to ensure that all of your lessons appear on our site, along with a landing page and resources page.

#### Add your tutorial to `static/tutorials.json`

In `static/tutorials.json`, add a new key for your tutorial and fill in the appropriate values, as in the example below.

```json

> "0005": {

Reviewer: Are you missing the `redirects` in this example? Let's include it with whatever name we choose and a blank array.

### Renaming a tutorial after it has been published

1. In the `src/static/tutorials.json` file, rename `title` to the new desired title.
1. Add old tutorial `url` value to the `redirects` attribute. (e.g. `"redirects": ["old-tutorial-short-title"]`)
1. Update `url` with the new name.
1. Rename folder `src/tutorials/xxxx-old-tutorial-short-title` to the new url. (e.g. `src/tutorials/xxxx-new-tutorial-short-title`)

> 

Reviewer: Do they not need to rename all the individual files that include the old shortname?

Author: the lesson files?

That's it! Next time you run ProtoSchool the tutorial should be renamed and users will still have access to the status of their lesson progress. If a user tries to access the old URL for your tutorial or one of its lessons, they'll be redirected to the tutorial landing page at its new URL.

> ### My files (.md, -exercise.md) content are not showing up in the lesson page

Reviewer: Text of lesson and exercise not displayed
```suggestion
### Text of lesson or exercise not displayed
```

> The file might not be loading correctly. You can use the `DEBUG=true` option to get warnings in the console. To enable it run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unable to see the text of your lesson or exercise when previewing the website, one of your Markdown files (*.md or *-exercise.md) may not be loading correctly. You can use the `DEBUG=true` option to get warnings in the console. To enable it, run:
```

```sh
DEBUG=true npm start
```

> Check the browser dev tools and check for warning logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your browser dev tools for warning logs.
```

Reviewer: What's the most likely culprit? A misnamed file?

Author: Yeah, misnamed file or located in the wrong directory.

## Detailed Docs

### Lesson file

Lesson files should be put in the folder `src/tutorials/xxxx-tutorials-short-title` with the appropriate number (e.g., `01.js`).

**Exportable properties**:

- `validate(result, ipfs)`: Function - mandatory
- `solution`: String - mandatory
- `code`: String - optional
- `modules`: Object - optional
- `options`: Object - optional

>     - `type`: String - one of `standard` (default), `file-upload` or `multiple-choice`.

Reviewer: I don't think this matches what you did when you updated the existing lessons. Didn't you use code and text? Or are we using different labels in JavaScript files than in Markdown files? Can we make them consistent if that's the case?

>     - `type`: String - one of `standard` (default), `file-upload` or `multiple-choice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `type`: String - one of `standard` (default), `file-upload` or `multiple-choice`
```
